---
layout: post
title:  "Magic happens, but at what cost?"
date:   2013-07-10
categories: blog
---
As a hackNY fellow this summer, I've had some amazing privileges, hearing from founders from all sorts of amazing NYC startups from Codecademy to Kickstarter to Buzzfeed to Huffington Post or even Stack Exchange. For tonight, Jerry Colonna, a renowned VC, known for investing in GeoCities, and now a life and business coach, was scheduled to speak.  Unfortunately, an emergency popped up and he was unable come, but we were linked to his [1.5 hr long interview](http://youtu.be/VEqrGfHgNT8) on Jason Calacanis' *This Week In*.

The messages Jerry imparts on me in this interview are quite profound, and humbles me as an aspiring entrepreneur. But since I haven't gone through the actual hardship of starting a company, I can only try my best to put myself into the shoes of the entrepreneurs he works with as a coach.

One particular story that moved me was one of a Chinese potter, that goes as follows:

> A Chinese potter decided he wanted to perfect the most exquisite glaze imaginable. At the end of his meaningful life, he walked into the kiln. The next day his assistants opened the kiln, and they saw the most exquisite glaze imaginable.


So the big message for me is that magic happens, but at what cost?

I may end up at the head of a successful company, and have a teeming professional life, but what is the cost of attaining that success? What impact will the work I put into my company have on my family or my friends?

It's not yet something I can quite comprehend the implications of, and it's a problem I naively hope to avoid, but I know it will inevitably find it's way back to me, no matter how much I try to push it away.

Every successful person I've met, in person, in print, or in the web has made many sacrifices to attain their current status, with some sacrifices being bigger than others, with some more life changing than others.

I wonder what my sacrifice will be. I wonder if the question could ever be that simple.

P.S. Jason writes about his interview with Jerry [here](http://www.linkedin.com/today/post/article/20130701193044-24171-entrepreneurs-are-you-walking-into-the-fire-mindfully).